# Literature Review on Persian Twitter Analysis and People's Personality on Social Networks

## Table of Contents

- [People's personality in social network](#People's-personalities-and-feelings--in-social-network)
- [AI methods Vs Social Network](#AI-methods-and-Social-Network)
- [Sentiment Analysis and Personality Prediction on Twitter](#Sentiment-Analysis-and-Personality-Prediction-on-Twitter)
- [Sentiment Analysis and Personality Prediction on Persian Language and Twitter](#Sentiment-Analysis-and-Personality-Prediction-on-Persian-Language-and-Twitter)
- [Facial Expression and Computer Vision studies on Twitter](#Facial-Expression-and-Computer-Vision-studies-on-Twitter)

## People's Personalities and Feelings in Social Network


## AI methods and Social Network

- [Social network analysis using deep learning: applications and schemes](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13278-021-00799-z)
  + In this paper, we provide an overview of state-of-the-art research for different applications of social network analysis using deep learning techniques. We consider applications such as opinion analysis, sentiment analysis, text classification, recommender systems, structural analysis, anomaly detection, and fake news detection.
 
- [Age Groups Classification in Social Network Using Deep Learning](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7932459)
  + This research suggests that one of the most relevant parameter contained in the user profile is the age group, showing that there are typical behaviors among users of the same age group, specifically, when these users write about the same topic. A detailed analysis with 7000 sentences was performed to determine which characteristics are relevant, such as, the use of punctuation, number of characters, media sharing, topics, among others; and which ones can be disregarded for the age groups classification
 
- [Online Social Network Security: A Comparative Review Using Machine Learning and Deep Learning](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11063-020-10416-3)
  + This paper comprehensively surveys the evolution of the online social networks, their associated risks and solutions. The various security models and the state of the art algorithms have been discussed along with a comparative meta-analysis using machine learning, deep learning, and statistical testing to recommend a better solution.
 
- [Using deep learning and social network analysis to understand and manage extreme flooding](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/1468-5973.12311)
  + This paper uses a subset of machine learning, deep learning (DL), to classify text content of 11,982 tweets, and we integrate that with SNA to understand the structure of tweet interactions. Our DL approach pre-trains our model with a DL language technique, BERT, and then trains the model using the standard training dataset to sort a dataset of tweets into classes tailored to crisis events.

- [Early Depression Detection from Social Network Using Deep Learning Techniques](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9231008)
  + In this research work, a hybrid model has been proposed that can detect depression by analyzing user's textual posts. Deep learning algorithms were trained using the training data and then performance has been evaluated on the test data of the dataset of reddit which was published for the pilot piece of work, Early Detection of Depression in CLEF eRisk 2017.
 
- [Identifying patterns of epistemic emotions with respect to interactions in massive online open courses using deep learning and social network analysis](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0747563221001667)
  + By gathering multiple data generated by 1190 Chinese learners, this study employed a combination method of deep learning and social network analysis (SNA) to identify patterns of epistemic emotions with respect to interactions on a MOOC platform.
 
- [Detecting Compromised Social Network Accounts Using Deep Learning for Behavior and Text Analyses](https://www.igi-global.com/article/detecting-compromised-social-network-accounts-using-deep-learning-for-behavior-and-text-analyses/274340)
  + This article proposes a novel system for detecting compromises of a social network account by considering both post behavior and textual content. A deep multi-layer perceptron-based autoencoder is leveraged to consolidate diverse features and extract underlying relationships.

- [Travel Behavior Classification: An Approach with Social Network and Deep Learning](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0361198118772723)
  + This study first examines the dataset of California Household Travel Survey (CHTS) between the years 2012 and 2013. After preprocessing and exploring the raw data, an activity matrix is constructed for each participant. The Jaccard similarity coefficient is employed to calculate matrix similarities between each pair of individuals. Moreover, given matrix similarity measures, a community social network is constructed for all participants.

- [A Fast Recognition Algorithm of Online Social Network Images Based on Deep Learning](https://web.p.ebscohost.com/abstract?direct=true&profile=ehost&scope=site&authtype=crawler&jrnl=07650019&AN=141469465&h=zjCtzHiUvxX2NAELCmkIMcUDU2vwv%2fwTjcHqAUJS%2fiSYpNi7YKJxdQWYQE%2ffl7HXbrQmkpDzcG5Mx8pqUB%2bPNw%3d%3d&crl=c&resultNs=AdminWebAuth&resultLocal=ErrCrlNotAuth&crlhashurl=login.aspx%3fdirect%3dtrue%26profile%3dehost%26scope%3dsite%26authtype%3dcrawler%26jrnl%3d07650019%26AN%3d141469465)
  + In the proposed method, the image classification is enhanced by improving the self-adaptive learning rate based on incremental discrimination of reconstruction error and the weight update criteria with increasing momentum.

- [Combining Machine Learning and Social Network Analysis to Reveal the Organizational Structures](https://www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/10/5/1699)
  + The key concept of this work is to evaluate how well social network measures when combined with other features gained from the feature engineering align with the classification of the members of organizational social network. As a technique for answering this research question, machine learning apparatus was employed. Here, for the classification task, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines have been evaluated, as well as a collective classification algorithm, which is also proposed in this paper.

- [An approach to predicting patient experience through machine learning and social network analysis](https://academic.oup.com/jamia/article-abstract/27/12/1834/5940446)
  + In this study, we developed a machine learning model to predict a patient’s response to the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey’s “Doctor Communications” domain questions while simultaneously identifying most impactful providers in a network.

- [Parallel Computing for Machine Learning in Social Network Analysis](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7965209)
  + This paper discusses the state of each ingredient with a specific focus on: a.) how deep learning can apply to large-scale social network analysis and; b.) the computing resources required to make such analyses feasible.

- [Depression detection from social network data using machine learning techniques](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13755-018-0046-0)
  + In this study, we aim to perform depression analysis on Facebook data collected from an online public source. To investigate the effect of depression detection, we propose machine learning technique as an efficient and scalable method.

- [Machine Learning for Social Network Analysis: A Systematic Literature Review](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Sagar-S-De/publication/251236864_Machine_Learning_for_Social_Network_Analysis_A_Systematic_Literature_Review/links/59e8914e458515c363133f6a/Machine-Learning-for-Social-Network-Analysis-A-Systematic-Literature-Review.pdf)
  + In this paper, we have reviewed the theoretical aspects of social network analysis with a combination of machine learning-based techniques, its representation, tools and techniques used for analysis. Additionally, the source of data and its applications are also highlighted in this paper.
 
- [Intelligent detection of hate speech in Arabic social network: A machine learning approach](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0165551520917651)
  + This drew our attention to aspire healthy online environments that are free of hatred and discrimination. Therefore, this article aims to detect cyber hate speech based on Arabic context over Twitter platform, by applying Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques, and machine learning methods. 



## Sentiment Analysis and Personality Prediction on Twitter

- [A Machine Learning Approach to Twitter User Classification](https://ojs.aaai.org/index.php/ICWSM/article/view/14139)
  + This paper addresses the task of user classification in social media, with an application to Twitter. We automatically infer the values of user attributes such as political orientation or ethnicity by leveraging observable information such as the user behavior, network structure and the linguistic content of the user’s Twitter feed. 

- [Large-scale machine learning at twitter](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/2213836.2213958)
  + The core of this work lies in recent Pig extensions to provide predictive analytics capabilities that incorporate machine learning, focused specifically on supervised classification. In particular, we have identified stochastic gradient descent techniques for online learning and ensemble methods as being highly amenable to scaling out to large amounts of data.

- [Sentiment analysis in twitter using machine learning techniques](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6726818)
  + In this paper, we try to analyze the twitter posts about electronic products like mobiles, laptops etc using Machine Learning approach. By doing sentiment analysis in a specific domain, it is possible to identify the effect of domain information in sentiment classification.

- [Machine learning techniques for hate speech classification of twitter data: State-of-the-art, future challenges and research directions](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1574013720304111)
  + This study presented collection of hate speech benchmarks datasets suitable for testing the efficiency of classification models. This study also presented the pros and cons for single and hybrid machine learning methods in hate speech classification.

- [Sarcasm detection using machine learning algorithms in Twitter: A systematic review](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/1470785320921779)
  + The review results revealed that Support Vector Machine (SVM) was the best and the most commonly used AMLA for sarcasm detection in Twitter. In addition, combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and SVM was found to offer a high prediction accuracy.

- [Twitter Discussions and Emotions About the COVID-19 Pandemic: Machine Learning Approach](https://www.jmir.org/2020/11/e20550/)
  + The objective of this study is to examine COVID-19–related discussions, concerns, and sentiments using tweets posted by Twitter users. We analyzed 4 million Twitter messages related to the COVID-19 pandemic using a list of 20 hashtags (eg, “coronavirus,” “COVID-19,” “quarantine”) from March 7 to April 21, 2020. We used a machine learning approach, Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), to identify popular unigrams and bigrams, salient topics and themes, and sentiments in the collected tweets.

- [Machine Learning-Based Sentiment Analysis for Twitter Accounts](https://www.mdpi.com/2297-8747/23/1/11)
  + The contribution of this paper includes the adoption of a hybrid approach that involves a sentiment analyzer that includes machine learning. Moreover, this paper also provides a comparison of techniques of sentiment analysis in the analysis of political views by applying supervised machine-learning algorithms such as Naïve Bayes and support vector machines (SVM).

- [A machine learning approach for Twitter spammers detection](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6987029/)
  + The paper proposes an inductive-learning method for the detection of Twitter-spammers, and applies a Random-Forest approach to a limited set of features that are extracted from traffic.
 
- [Sentiment analysis of twitter data using machine learning approaches and semantic analysis](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6897213)
  + This paper contributes to the sentiment analysis for customers' review classification which is helpful to analyze the information in the form of the number of tweets where opinions are highly unstructured and are either positive or negative, or somewhere in between of these two. For this we first pre-processed the dataset, after that extracted the adjective from the dataset that have some meaning which is called feature vector, then selected the feature vector list and thereafter applied machine learning based classification algorithms namely: Naive Bayes, Maximum entropy and SVM along with the Semantic Orientation based WordNet which extracts synonyms and similarity for the content feature.

- [Twitter Sentiment Analysis: Lexicon Method, Machine Learning Method and Their Combination](https://arxiv.org/abs/1507.00955)
  + We present a comparative study of different lexicon combinations and show that enhancing sentiment lexicons with emoticons, abbreviations and social-media slang expressions increases the accuracy of lexicon-based classification for Twitter. We discuss the importance of feature generation and feature selection processes for machine learning sentiment classification.
 
- [Study of Twitter Sentiment Analysis using Machine Learning Algorithms on Python](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Priyanka-Badhani/publication/317058859_Study_of_Twitter_Sentiment_Analysis_using_Machine_Learning_Algorithms_on_Python/links/60fbebe50c2bfa282af92131/Study-of-Twitter-Sentiment-Analysis-using-Machine-Learning-Algorithms-on-Python.pdf)
  +  In this paper, we aim to review some papers regarding research in sentiment analysis on Twitter, describing the methodologies adopted and models applied, along with describing a generalized Python based approach. 
 

## Sentiment Analysis and Personality Prediction on Persian Language and Twitter


## Facial Expression and Computer Vision studies on Twitter

